The reason your Chrome extension UI (#floating-selector-panel) is covered by the overlay is due to the Top Layer mechanism in modern browsers, specifically how <dialog> elements work when opened via .showModal().

The Cause: The "Top Layer"
When a <dialog> is opened using the showModal() method (which is clearly the case here as evidenced by the ::backdrop), the browser moves that dialog and its ::backdrop pseudo-element into a special internal stack called the Top Layer.

Hierarchy over Z-Index: Elements in the Top Layer are rendered in a separate stack that sits above all other elements in the standard document flow, regardless of their z-index.
The Max Z-Index Limitation: Even though your panel has a z-index of 2147483647 (the maximum 32-bit integer value), it still resides in the standard stacking context of the <body>. The ::backdrop of a modal dialog is in the Top Layer, which is logically "higher" than the highest possible z-index in the normal DOM.
Interaction Blocking: The ::backdrop is designed specifically to prevent interaction with elements behind it (including your extension's UI) to maintain the "modal" focus of the dialog.
Technical Details for your Developers
Inspected Element: dialog::backdrop (UID 606).
Panel Style: position: fixed; z-index: 2147483647;.
Conflict: The dialog (UID 603) is a modal. Modal dialogs and their backdrops are rendered in the Top Layer.
Platform Behavior: According to the HTML specification, the Top Layer is the final layer painted, appearing in front of all other content.
Solutions to Ensure Visibility
To make sure your Chrome Plugin stays visible and interactable, you have two primary options:

1. Move the Plugin UI to the Top Layer (Recommended)
If your plugin UI is also a <dialog> or uses the Popover API (available in modern Chrome), you can move it into the Top Layer as well.

Action: Change #floating-selector-panel to a <dialog> and call panel.showModal().
Benefit: If multiple elements are in the Top Layer, the one most recently added (or the one with the higher relative z-index within the Top Layer, though rarely needed) will be on top.
2. Use a Shadow DOM in a separate Context (If applicable)
If you are injecting this via a Content Script, ensure you are not being restricted by the host page's stacking context. However, the Top Layer will still likely cover it unless the injection method uses a more privileged UI layer (like chrome.sidePanel or a separate window).

3. Shadow DOM + Popover API
You can add the popover attribute to your panel and call showPopover().


Javascript Code:
// Example fix for the developer
const panel = document.getElementById('floating-selector-panel');
panel.setAttribute('popover', 'manual'); 
panel.showPopover(); // This forces it into the Top Layer